Procedure to produce incremental patch for the NovellWin32ISO
installers. This is somewhat hard to automate. This document is very
much a work in progress, written and updated while working out how
this actually should be done. Read with a large pinch of salt.

The NovellWin32ISO builds are identified by the full three-part
PACKAGEVERSION from openoffice.lst (2.0.4, for instance) suffixed by a
dash and an counter, starting from 1 in the first build. The first
distributed NovellWin32ISO build of 2.0.4 is thus 2.0.4-1.

The "PATCHLEVEL" we talk about below is a NovellWin32ISO concept, not
to be confused with other things related to "patching" that might have
similar names in the upstream installer-building Perl code (much of
which is undocumented, and even probably unfinished, or remains of
procedures never fully implemented, or whatever). So when you see
mentions of patching and updating in solenv/bin/modules/installer/*.pm
etc, note that this has nothing to do with the MSI patching stuff
described here.

For the first build, build 1, PATCHLEVEL is 0. For build 2 it is 1,
etc.

The idea is that the original build directory is kept intact, and only
those projects where there has been code changes since the previous
build are rebuilt. Thus the files that are included in each build's
installer are mostly from the original build, only those that have
actual changes are fresher.

- Rename build/$tag/instsetoo_native/wntmsci10.pro/OpenOffice to
OpenOffice-$previous (where $previous is the previous build
counter). Ditto for OpenOffice_languagepack.

- Add a new marker to ChangeLog indicating at which stage this build
was done.

- edit novell-win32-vrb-branding.diff, increment the PATCHLEVEL
value. This means that DLLs built from now on (once the patch is
applied) will get a new version number.

- Run make patch.apply

- Run sh doc/AUTOGEN.NovellWin32ISO.sh. Run make and interrupt it when
it starts the main build with "Building project solenv", i.e. after
having done the upstream configure script and set_soenv stuff.

- Inspect ChangeLog entries since the last marker. Go to build/$tag,
source winenv.set.sh. In each project directly affected by changes
since the last marker, to a build && deliver. Be careful to do this in
the correct order in case a patch since the last release build has
changed the API of some project, but I sure hope that won't happen.

For 2.0.4-2 vs. 2.0.4-1, the projects affected by patches changed seem
to be, in a hopefully correct order:

officecfg
sfx2
sc
binfilter (but nothing that affected what gets built had changed)
helpcontent2

Note carefully what changed/new files get delivered, just for
double-checking later.

- Remove sfx2/wntmsci10.pro/about.obj and do a build && deliver in
sfx2, too.

- Go to instsetoo_native and do a the build there. Edit
util/makefile.mk to avoid building language packs. Won't bother for
now with diffs to those, should be no changes anyway (?).

- do an administrative install of previous build, and of what you just
built:

  msiexec /a openofficeorg20.msi 

for instance, for 2.0.4-1 and 2.0.4-2: install into
c:\tmp\OOo-2.0.4-1-admin and c:\tmp\OOo-2.0.4-2-admin

- make a new folder for the patch installer, for instance
c:\tmp\OOo-2.0.4-1-2-patch. 

- run msimsp to find the differences between the two above
installations, verify that the DLL and EXE files that have changed
indeed have the updated version in their VRBs.

  msimsp -s openofficeorg20.pcp -p openofficeorg20.msp -l logfile.log

Read the logfile looking for which files have changed

msimsp will not yet actually produce a .msp that would contain
anything, as the ProductVersion properties in the two .msi databases
are the same. Increment the ProductVersion of the newer. For instance,
for 2.0.4-1, it is 2.0.9073, and for 2.0.4-2 manually incremented to
2.0.9074. MS braindamage: The ProductVersion property is three digits:
uchar.uchar.ushort, i.e. the first two <= 255, the last <= 65535. So
we can't use the same kind of version number as for the FileVersion
column in the File table, which is four ushorts, and constructed as
OOO_MAJOR . OOO_MINOR*100+OOO_MICRO . BUILDID . PATCHLEVEL

For files that are changed in 2.0.4-2, that would be 2.4.9073.1. This
sucks, yeah. But just incrementing the last part (buildid) hopefully
won't cause any trouble, even though it is misleading, as the real
buildid of course is the same for all NovellWin32ISO 2.0.4-x
builds. (Recall that "buildid" in OOo means a number corresponding to
the milestone, it has nothing to do with actual "builds" by
distributors of OOo, or NovellWin32ISO builds. For OOO_2_0_4 the
buildid is 9073.)

- edit the corresponding rows (updated DLLs, EXEs, and nonversioned
files) in openofficeorg20.msi in the second administrative
installation, change the final number of the FileVersion rows in the
File table to the patchlevel in question

- run msimsp again

- verify that the changed files are indeed exactly those for which you
edited the FileVersion, no more, no less.
